TestNet: update load wallet (#1292)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Testnet.md

## Loading a wallet

Wasabi differentiates between Mainnet and TestNet wallets.

> Meaning that a TestNet wallet will not show up when Mainnet is active, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meaning that a TestNet wallet will not show up when the Main network is active, and vice versa.
```
